to provide the known functions to the fine arts
this was the concern of the Spanish team may argued in the
eighteenth century
Many of this task is finally finished
In 1988 they had separated
For around 20 years, the number of people in demand worldwide has been on almost everyone
Continents on the way
in today's cast
have been playing together for two years
Red today
that is of course one
we meet each other
I really have to say that there really is, despite all the casualness of the
Otherwise percent can sometimes adjust if you solve it yourself if
Being your own sir, you are offered something
very disciplined publicly available punctually
the minute
many municipalities and subject
not because customers and unrhythmic special for us and we do not agree
or that we are also easy in doing so
in the 4 swing the same and that we just pass through an admittedly
very and
Music in itself and musically is aid but feel this «one
important - and then and to these
I am re-adjusting the new orientation
Interpretations is a very dangerous choice of words
he does not want to make the music his own but not that he does
actually
with transport
and free the body as much as possible
from their own
Barb, so to speak, where the music is tight, he should actually by
our bodies and me our ensemble
By locking one must be hard on
as force sets report
Well known HTC brings the quotes it has discovered us a pity and for the country
be very sensitive the turn signals 5 with which they after the Fri
the result of that is certainly very serious, pay attention to finding it
and what happens and
it is more important to him
Omen Mar
the judge
the reason is
Neumarkt Blantyre
therefore, like me, they do it here
that is I can not do them but he agrees Dr
Nathan is
that was
that's a few
Percent can be achieved
yes and more
was in the current year and
Dr
Of course, it will get a faster subjective individual score
but the word interpretation always has something for me personally
What
so that you put your own pacult on the whole and that tolerates the
Thing not actually in the pieces are already composed
and
should then only get wings
we have
started as a student at the conservatory
measure more occurrences school
ounce
Naumann for the seating stuff FOC for fun on the Freud and doors
still very intuitive
One of the great things is that you can make music
there must be very important
Percent just start
Peter played
We still have that time around
Courses also made official at the Cologne Music Academy at Madame
Berg studied it. That's how it went on. Eberhard went there
Feltz gone
For example, I simply sign it, too
have been this whole
And yet it was never said to me the first place
where I expected that I earn my money as I have
really earned a quartet of money from a first day but
of course, a completely different framework »
the service to Daraa at that time was really about it
Events to frame the artist Fachraum are very many
Industrial port do everything well that we are then in this whole percent
Provincial Government sees percent stories it was introduced
a perfect current for us, of course
and we just learned percent more presence
I did not go to a quartet in that sense
that already existed
to do with it and I founded a lot
and I found it hard at the very beginning of my studies
yes of course also very inexperienced was actually
first of all, simply because of the need to play with others
To do chamber music so now
in the neck Amazon at the size
to play where you can really exchange ideas with each other
Listen to the orchestra
not working so well
and playing with other people playing with me
to play alone